New resource r/aws_codestarnotification_rule (#10991)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/codestarnotification_rule.markdown

  arn    = aws_sns_topic.notif.arn
  policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.notif_access.json
}

resource "aws_codestarnotification_rule" "commits" {
  detail_type    = "BASIC"
  event_type_ids = ["codecommit-repository-comments-on-commits"]

  name     = "example-code-repo-commits"
  resource = aws_codecommit_repository.code.arn

  target {
    address = aws_sns_topic.notif.arn
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `detail_type` - (Required) The level of detail to include in the notifications for this resource. Possible values are `BASIC` and `FULL`.
* `event_type_ids` - (Required) A list of event types associated with this notification rule.
  For list of allowed events see [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codestar-notifications/latest/userguide/concepts.html#concepts-api).
* `name` - (Required) The name of notification rule.
* `resource` - (Required) The ARN of the resource to associate with the notification rule.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the notification rule. Possible balues are `ENABLED` and `DISABLED`, default is `ENABLED`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

> * `target` - (Optional) A `target` block. Can be specified multiple times.

Reviewer: It might be good to include a note here about the target requirement on creation:

```suggestion
* `target` - (Optional) Configuration blocks containing notification target information. Can be specified multiple times. At least one target must be specified on creation.
```

An `target` block supports the following arguments:

> * `address` - (Required) The ARN of noitifaction rule target, typically SNS topic.

Reviewer: Typo 😎 

```suggestion
* `address` - (Required) The ARN of notification rule target. For example, a SNS Topic ARN.
```

> * `type` - (Required) The type of the notification target. Default value is `SNS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Optional) The type of the notification target. Default value is `SNS`.
```
